Total word matches: 1025

Nouns <--> Classes 
Match List:
####################
action, action
action, activity
action, activism
action, election
action, nation
action, actor
action, duration
action, activist
action, location
action, location
action, auction
action, practitioner
action, citation
action, fraction
activity, activity
activity, action
activity, activism
activity, activist
actor, actor
actor, author
actor, action
actor, acter
actor, pastor
actor, ancestor
actor, factor
actor, category
actor, artwork
actor, auction
administrator, instructor
affect, effect
affect, fact
age, wage
age, argument
age, target
age, page
age, agent
agency, agent
air, aid
air, pair
analog, animal
ancestor, ancestor
ancestor, descendant
ancestor, creator
ancestor, pastor
ancestor, actor
ancestor, factor
ancestor, acter
ancestor, arrestor
area, area
area, acre
area, care
area, read
arrival, arrival
aspect, asset
aspect, suspect
assay, asset
assay, assistance
assay, assault
attribute, attorney
auction, auction
auction, acquisition
auction, location
auction, location
auction, action
auction, nation
auction, fraction
auction, citation
auction, actor
auction, duration
audience, audience
baptism, baptism
baptism, basis
baptism, bat
black, black
black, bank
black, blacksmith
blood, blood
blood, book
blood, blogpost
breakdown, read
cancer, chance
cancer, catcher
cancer, commander
capability, ability
capability, probability
capability, captain
capitol, captive
capitol, captain
case, case
case, cause
case, cause
case, care
case, escape
case, class
case, castle
case, coast
case, cave
cause, cause
cause, cause
cause, case
cause, care
cause, course
cause, counsel
cause, cave
cause, castle
cause, cuisine
census, century
century, century
century, country
century, cemetery
century, county
century, entry
chain, change
chain, chance
chain, cabin
chain, captain
characteristic, character
characteristic, charge
characteristic, artist
child, child
church, church
class, class
class, classroom
class, case
climate, crime
climate, inmate
collaboration, collection
collaboration, collector
collaboration, color
collaborator, collector
collaborator, color
colleague, collector
colony, colony
colony, colonist
colony, county
colony, cotton
colony, color
com, company
com, customer
com, comment
com, community
com, consumer
com, commander
com, component
com, combatant
compensation, company
compensation, component
compensation, construction
compensation, donation
compensation, conclusion
compensation, conversion
compensation, convention
compensation, congregation
compensation, conversation
compensation, comment
compensation, constellation
competency, component
competency, company
competency, comment
composition, component
concept, context
concept, component
concept, content
concept, convention
condition, condition
condition, position
condition, conclusion
condition, construction
condition, conversion
condition, contribution
condition, citation
condition, content
condition, continent
condition, conversation
condition, congregation
condition, convention
condition, constellation
conference, content
conference, consequence
conference, conversion
construction, construction
construction, contractor
construction, contract
construction, introduction
construction, condition
construction, conversion
construction, instruction
construction, contribution
construction, conclusion
construction, convention
construction, congregation
construction, continent
construction, instructor
construction, conversation
construction, constellation
contact, contract
contact, contractor
contact, content
contact, contribution
contact, construction
contact, context
contact, continent
contact, constellation
cost, construction
cost, court
cost, coast
cost, conversation
cost, constellation
count, account
count, content
count, court
count, comment
count, country
count, context
count, county
count, document
count, contract
count, occupant
count, community
count, courtroom
count, counsel
count, courthouse
count, colonist
count, courtcase
county, county
county, court
county, country
county, community
county, counsel
county, colony
county, century
county, account
court, court
court, courtroom
court, courthouse
court, county
court, country
court, course
court, courtcase
crime, crime
crime, care
crop, crowd
damage, damage
dataset, database
dataset, datetime
dataset, datetime
date, datetime
date, datetime
date, death
date, detail
date, datum
date, fate
datum, datum
datum, datetime
datum, datetime
death, death
death, debt
desert, dessert
desert, street
desert, desire
desert, descendant
diabetes, disease
diabetes, dialect
disaster, disease
disaster, dessert
disaster, sister
disaster, issuer
downtown, donation
downtown, donor
drug, drag
editor, editor
effect, effect
effect, effort
effort, effort
effort, effect
emancipation, emancipation
emancipation, eradication
end, end
end, gender
endpoint, end
endpoint, viewpoint
entity, entity
entity, quantity
entity, entry
entity, intensity
estate, estate
estate, state
estate, escape
estate, statue
ethnicity, entity
event, event
event, movement
existence, residence
experience, expedition
expert, expedition
expertise, expedition
extent, text
factor, factor
factor, fraction
factor, fact
factor, favor
factor, face
factor, faculty
factor, actor
factor, father
factor, ancestor
factor, acter
faculty, faculty
faculty, fact
faculty, difficulty
faculty, factor
faculty, face
family, family
family, film
family, mail
fate, fate
fate, father
fate, fact
fate, face
father, father
father, grandfather
father, mother
father, fate
father, catcher
father, water
father, weather
father, factor
father, feature
father, acter
fire, fire
fire, firefighter
fire, force
fire, field
fire, figure
flood, blood
flood, food
flood, foot
food, food
food, foot
format, information
gender, gender
gender, genre
gender, offender
gender, end
gene, gender
gene, genius
gene, government
gene, genre
girl, girl
girl, boy
godparent, parent
godparent, bodypart
government, government
government, governor
government, movement
grade, reader
grade, grandchild
grade, grandparent
grade, trade
grade, trader
grade, grave
graduate, grandfather
graduate, guard
graduate, grandparent
graduate, grave
grandfather, grandfather
grandfather, father
grandfather, grandchild
grandfather, grandparent
grandmother, mother
grandmother, grandfather
grandmother, grandchild
grandmother, grandparent
grandparent, grandparent
grandparent, grandfather
graph, biography
graph, grandchild
graph, grave
graph, biographer
group, group
group, ground
group, groom
half, half
half, behalf
hazard, hardware
hazard, award
healer, head
healer, heat
health, death
health, head
health, heat
hear, fear
hear, head
hear, year
hear, hero
hear, heat
hear, earn
hear, herb
history, historian
history, story
hour, hour
hour, house
hour, tour
hour, horse
hour, honor
house, house
house, home
house, household
house, course
house, spouse
house, hour
house, horse
housing, house
housing, hour
husband, wife
husband, father
husband, mother
husband, human
husband, thousand
impact, impact
incident, ingredient
individual, individual
industry, input
industry, injury
information, information
information, inmate
information, infant
institution, institution
institution, instruction
institution, instructor
institution, distribution
institution, invitation
interest, interest
interest, investment
interest, intensity
interest, integer
interest, interestrate
intervention, interest
intervention, investment
intervention, intensity
intervention, integer
intervention, interestrate
inventory, investment
investigator, instructor
investigator, investment
investigator, invitation
issue, issue
issue, issuer
journal, journalist
judge, judge
judge, judgment
justice, justice
knowledge, knowledge
laborer, laborer
land, island
land, plan
language, language
library, literacy
library, liberty
life, life
life, wife
life, line
likelihood, probability
list, list
list, legislature
list, light
live, life
live, line
live, level
location, location
location, location
location, option
location, occasion
location, occupation
location, population
location, auction
location, collection
location, action
location, donation
location, election
lore, laborer
loss, loss
lot, location
lot, location
lot, clothe
machining, painting
machining, man
man, man
man, mean
man, manner
man, manager
man, manufacturer
man, manuscript
man, manumission
manufacturing, manufacturer
manufacturing, man
manufacturing, manuscript
manumission, manumission
manumission, man
manumission, mission
manumission, mission
map, man
marriage, marriage
marriage, carriage
marriage, market
marriage, manager
marriage, marker
master, master
master, manner
master, star
master, water
master, material
master, marker
master, acter
material, material
material, market
material, master
material, memorial
member, member
member, memory
member, memorial
member, memoir
mission, mission
mission, mission
mission, missionary
mission, session
mission, permission
mission, manumission
mother, mother
mother, father
mother, sister
mother, wife
mother, voter
motherhood, mother
name, manner
name, inmate
nation, nation
nation, native
nation, action
nation, fraction
nation, invitation
nation, plantation
nation, donation
nation, auction
nation, duration
network, artwork
node, novel
none, novel
number, number
number, consumer
object, object
object, objective
object, subject
object, project
officer, officer
officer, office
officer, offender
officer, official
officer, offence
old, soldier
old, holder
ontology, ontology
organizer, organizer
organizer, organization
organizer, organisation
other, mother
other, father
other, voter
other, clothe
outcome, outcome
outcome, customer
owner, owner
owner, ownership
owner, power
owner, flower
ownership, ownership
ownership, owner
package, place
pair, pair
pair, part
pair, party
pair, paper
pair, pain
pair, painter
panel, page
panel, plan
panel, painter
panel, planter
panel, pain
panel, parcel
paper, paper
paper, page
paper, painter
paper, planter
paper, prayer
paper, pair
parent, parent
parent, patient
parent, argument
parent, part
parent, president
parent, agent
parent, party
parent, plant
parent, parcel
parent, painter
parent, carpenter
parent, printer
parent, planter
partner, parent
partner, practitioner
partner, part
partner, party
partner, prisoner
partner, painter
partner, prayer
partner, parcel
partner, printer
partner, carpenter
partner, planter
partner, artery
partnership, part
partnership, parent
partnership, party
patriot, pastor
patriot, part
patriot, patient
patriot, pair
pattern, paper
pattern, patient
pattern, planter
pattern, parent
pattern, painter
pattern, attorney
percentage, perception
percentage, pet
period, period
period, person
period, permission
period, perception
period, timeperiod
person, person
person, reason
person, perception
person, permission
person, prisoner
person, prison
person, period
person, response
person, pension
person, performance
person, version
place, place
place, plan
place, play
place, page
place, plant
place, parcel
place, plaque
place, planter
plantation, plantation
plantation, planter
plantation, plant
plantation, population
plantation, plan
plantation, nation
plantation, painting
plantation, transaction
plume, plaque
point, point
point, position
point, option
point, pain
point, printer
point, painter
pollution, population
pollution, resolution
pollution, collection
pollution, portion
pollution, option
port, point
port, portion
port, part
port, party
port, report
port, photo
port, portfolio
port, sport
port, supporter
poverty, power
poverty, property
poverty, party
precision, perception
precision, protection
precision, price
precision, practitioner
precision, decision
precision, premise
precision, religion
precision, person
precision, prison
precision, prisoner
precision, president
precision, pension
precision, permission
precision, petition
predicate, premise
predicate, preface
predicate, product
predicate, preacher
predicate, price
predicate, project
predicate, president
prevention, event
prevention, pension
prevention, representation
prevention, president
pro, product
pro, protection
pro, purpose
pro, person
pro, producer
pro, process
pro, prison
pro, project
pro, promise
pro, provider
pro, property
pro, professor
pro, period
pro, probability
pro, prisoner
problem, probability
problem, role
product, product
product, project
product, producer
product, reproduction
profession, position
profession, professor
profession, promise
profession, process
profession, president
profession, protection
profession, possession
profession, permission
property, property
property, project
property, report
property, provider
property, producer
property, professor
provider, provider
provider, order
provider, property
provider, price
provider, printer
provider, promise
provider, producer
provider, prisoner
provider, professor
provider, river
quality, quantity
quantity, quantity
quantity, entity
query, queen
question, testimony
question, queen
race, race
race, face
race, parcel
race, acre
radiation, eradication
radiation, transaction
ratio, fraction
ratio, duration
ratio, relationship
ratio, nation
ratio, action
ratio, practitioner
ratio, railroad
ratio, raid
rebellion, rebellion
rebellion, rebel
rebellion, religion
rebellion, recollection
rebellion, region
record, record
record, report
record, receiver
record, reward
record, director
record, reproduction
region, region
region, reputation
region, rebellion
region, reason
region, religion
region, regiment
registry, region
registry, rest
registry, regiment
relationship, relationship
relationship, reason
relationship, religion
relative, relationship
relative, native
relative, release
relative, retiree
relief, belief
relief, release
relief, religion
relief, recipe
relief, review
representation, representation
research, research
research, researcher
research, resource
research, respect
research, reader
research, residence
research, preacher
researcher, researcher
researcher, research
researcher, resource
researcher, residence
researcher, respect
researcher, release
resource, resource
resource, source
resource, research
resource, result
resource, response
resource, researcher
resource, resolution
response, response
response, respect
response, reason
response, responsibility
response, person
response, resource
response, spouse
retrieve, return
retrieve, receiver
retrieve, retiree
reviewer, review
reviewer, retiree
reviewer, receiver
reviewer, river
right, right
right, light
scale, castle
scale, sale
scale, escape
series, service
service, service
service, servant
set, set
set, sea
set, seq
set, seamstress
ship, ship
ship, shop
ship, shape
ship, shift
ship, bishop
shortage, store
shortage, shape
skill, skill
slave, slave
slave, slavery
slave, slaveholder
slave, slaveowner
slave, enslaver
slave, sale
slavery, slavery
slavery, slave
slavery, slaveholder
slavery, slaveowner
slavery, enslaver
smoke, smoke
smoker, smoke
software, software
software, store
software, star
son, father
son, song
source, source
source, resource
source, store
source, force
space, place
space, parcel
space, sale
space, specialty
spaceflight, specialty
speak, speaker
speak, sea
speak, specialty
start, target
start, state
start, status
start, street
start, strength
start, statement
start, station
start, estate
start, star
start, statue
start, stalactite
state, state
state, status
state, statement
state, estate
state, station
state, sale
state, star
state, statue
state, stalactite
storm, story
storm, star
storm, store
storm, pastor
story, story
story, star
story, pastor
story, store
strut, street
strut, strength
strut, construction
strut, star
strut, distribution
strut, struggle
strut, truth
strut, instruction
strut, instructor
strut, student
student, student
student, study
student, strength
submission, mission
submission, mission
submission, manumission
sugar, star
suicide, suit
supplier, supplier
supplier, manufacturer
supplier, support
supplier, supporter
supplier, superpower
supplier, soldier
supply, supplier
supply, support
supply, supporter
surge, struggle
surge, source
target, target
target, agent
target, argument
teacher, teacher
teacher, preacher
teacher, catcher
teacher, weather
team, teacher
team, theme
team, treatment
team, item
term, theme
term, item
test, rest
test, text
test, testimony
test, street
test, estate
textbook, text
time, time
time, item
time, timezone
time, timeperiod
tornado, torso
tornado, trade
tract, transaction
tract, train
tract, trade
trader, trader
trader, trade
trader, reader
trader, order
trader, travel
trader, artery
type, type
uncle, grandfather
uncle, father
unemployment, employment
unemployment, employer
unemployment, employee
unit, unit
unit, furniture
unit, suit
value, value
version, version
version, verse
version, session
version, person
version, pension
victim, victim
view, view
view, viewpoint
view, review
warehouse, war
way, war
website, website
website, website
website, write
wellbeing, wedding
wife, wife
wife, mother
wife, life
wife, write
woman, woman
wound, ground
wound, word
year, year
year, earn
year, fear
