Total word matches: 405
Unique words with matches: 227
Total unique words: 414
Percentage of words with matches: 54.83%

Nouns and Verbs <--> Classes and Predicates 
Match List:
####################
action, action
action, auction
action, fraction
activity, activity
activity, activism
activity, activist
actor, actor
actor, acter
actor, factor
affect, affect
age, age
age, wage
age, page
age, page
age, agent
air, pair
ancestor, ancestor
appear, appearance
apply, apply
area, area
area, area
arrival, arrival
arrive, arrival
associate, association
auction, auction
auction, action
audience, audience
baptism, baptism
baptize, baptism
bear, bear
black, black
black, lack
black, blacksmith
blood, blood
build, build
capability, capacity
capitol, capital
carry, carry
case, case
case, cause
case, cause
case, cause
case, cause
case, castle
cause, cause
cause, cause
cause, cause
cause, cause
cause, case
century, century
century, entry
century, entry
characteristic, character
child, child
church, church
class, class
class, classroom
colony, colony
colony, colonist
compare, company
compensate, complete
competency, complete
concept, concern
condition, condition
construction, construction
construction, instruction
contact, contract
contact, contractor
contact, contain
contact, contradict
contribute, contribution
contribute, contributor
cost, cost
cost, coast
count, account
count, court
count, country
count, country
count, county
counteract, country
counteract, country
counteract, contract
county, county
county, country
county, country
county, community
court, court
court, courtroom
court, courthouse
court, courtcase
court, courtcase
crime, crime
crime, crime
curate, curator
damage, damage
dataset, database
date, date
datum, datum
death, death
depend, defend
descend, descendant
desert, dessert
do, dog
document, document
editor, editor
editor, edit
editor, creditor
effect, effect
effort, effort
emancipate, emancipation
emancipation, emancipation
emerge, emergency
employ, employment
employ, employer
employ, employer
employ, employee
end, end
endpoint, endpoint
enslave, enslavement
enslave, slave
enslave, enslaver
entity, entity
estate, estate
estate, state
event, event
experience, experience
expertise, experience
factor, factor
factor, fact
factor, actor
faculty, faculty
family, family
fate, fate
fate, father
father, father
father, fate
fire, fire
fire, figure
flood, food
focus, focus
focus, focus
food, food
free, freedom
gender, gender
gender, gender
gender, genre
gender, genre
gene, gender
gene, gender
gene, genre
gene, genre
girl, girl
government, government
government, governor
grade, grave
grandfather, grandfather
grandfather, grandparent
grandmother, grandfather
grandparent, grandparent
grandparent, grandfather
group, group
half, half
healer, hear
health, heat
hear, hear
help, help
history, historian
history, story
hour, hour
house, house
house, household
impact, impact
individual, individual
information, information
institution, institution
interest, interest
interest, interestrate
interest, interestrate
involve, involve
issue, issue
issue, issuer
journal, journalist
judge, judge
judge, judge
judge, judge
judge, judgment
justice, justice
knowledge, knowledge
knowledge, knowledge
laborer, laborer
language, language
life, life
like, like
list, list
location, location
location, location
location, location
loss, loss
make, market
make, marker
man, man
man, mean
manufacturing, manufacturer
manumission, manumission
manumission, manumission
marriage, marriage
marriage, carriage
master, master
material, material
material, material
member, member
member, member
method, method
mission, mission
mission, mission
mission, missionary
mother, mother
motherhood, mother
name, name
nation, nation
nation, nationality
number, number
object, object
object, objective
observe, serve
officer, officer
officer, office
ontology, ontology
ontology, ontology
organizer, organizer
organizer, organizer
organizer, organize
organizer, organization
other, mother
other, brother
outcome, outcome
outcome, outcome
own, own
own, owner
own, owner
own, town
owner, owner
owner, owner
owner, ownership
owner, own
ownership, ownership
ownership, owner
ownership, owner
pair, pair
paper, paper
parent, parent
parent, parent
parent, part
partner, parent
partner, parent
partner, part
period, period
period, period
person, person
person, permission
place, place
place, place
place, placename
plantation, plantation
plantation, plant
point, point
port, portion
port, sport
precision, prison
prevent, event
produce, product
produce, product
produce, producer
product, product
product, product
product, producer
profession, professor
property, property
provide, provide
provide, provider
provider, provider
provider, provide
publish, publish
publish, publisher
publish, publisher
publish, public
purchase, purchase
quantity, quantity
quantity, quantity
race, race
radiation, eradication
read, read
read, read
read, reader
read, reward
rebel, rebel
rebel, rebellion
rebellion, rebellion
rebellion, rebel
record, record
region, region
relationship, relationship
represent, represent
represent, representation
representation, representation
representation, represent
research, research
research, researcher
researcher, researcher
researcher, research
resource, resource
response, response
retrieve, retiree
reviewer, review
right, right
scale, sale
sell, sell
sell, seller
send, end
serve, serve
serve, service
service, service
service, serve
set, set
ship, ship
skill, skill
slave, slave
slave, slavery
slave, slaveholder
slave, slaveowner
slavery, slavery
slavery, slave
slavery, slaveowner
smoke, smoke
smoker, smoke
software, software
son, song
source, source
source, source
speak, speak
speak, speaker
speak, speaker
specialize, specialty
specialize, specialty
specialize, specialization
start, state
start, star
start, star
start, starttime
start, startpoint
state, state
state, statement
state, estate
state, instate
state, statue
storm, story
storm, store
story, story
story, store
strengthen, strength
student, student
supplier, supplier
supplier, supply
supply, supply
supply, supplier
surname, username
target, target
target, target
teacher, teacher
teacher, teach
term, term
time, time
time, time
trace, race
trace, trade
trace, trade
trader, trader
trader, trade
trader, trade
transport, transport
transport, transportation
transport, transfer
type, type
type, type
unemployment, employment
unit, unit
unit, unit
use, use
use, user
value, value
value, value
version, version
version, version
victim, victim
victim, victim
view, view
website, website
website, website
wife, wife
woman, woman
write, write
write, writer
x, x
year, year
year, year
