Total word matches: 388

Verbs <--> Predicates 
Match List:
####################
add, address
affect, effect
affect, fact
aim, aid
aim, animal
alter, master
alter, water
alter, father
alter, artery
alter, acter
alter, planter
alter, axle
answer, ancestor
appear, appearance
appear, paper
apprentice, parent
apprentice, appearance
arrive, arrival
arrive, carriage
arrive, arrest
arrive, river
arrive, marriage
arrive, arrestee
arrive, arrestor
associate, association
associate, assistance
associate, asset
associate, assault
baptize, baptism
baptize, captive
baptize, bat
bear, fear
bear, year
bear, earn
bring, spring
bring, bride
bring, string
bring, brigade
build, build
build, bill
capture, feature
capture, captive
capture, cause
capture, cause
capture, captain
carry, care
carry, carriage
carry, category
carry, artery
cause, cause
cause, cause
cause, case
cause, care
cause, course
cause, counsel
cause, cave
cause, castle
cause, cuisine
coexist, context
coexist, colonist
coexist, coast
come, home
come, company
come, crime
come, comment
come, consumer
come, customer
come, component
compare, company
compare, component
compare, commander
compensate, component
compensate, company
compensate, comment
connect, component
connect, context
connect, content
connect, continent
connect, collector
connect, convention
contribute, contribution
contribute, context
contribute, content
contribute, coordinate
contribute, consumer
contribute, continent
contribute, controversy
contribute, construction
contribute, contract
contribute, contractor
correspond, conversion
count, account
count, content
count, court
count, comment
count, country
count, context
count, county
count, document
count, contract
count, occupant
count, community
count, courtroom
count, counsel
count, courthouse
count, colonist
count, courtcase
counteract, continent
counteract, context
counteract, counsel
counteract, country
counteract, content
counteract, court
counteract, contract
counteract, county
counteract, courtcase
counteract, contractor
curate, courtcase
curate, care
curate, currency
curate, court
curate, race
dataset, database
dataset, datetime
dataset, datetime
define, desire
define, defendant
depend, defendant
depend, department
depend, descendant
descend, desire
descend, descendant
descend, deceased
descend, decade
descend, defendant
discover, diocese
discover, director
do, doctor
do, dog
do, double
do, donor
document, document
document, comment
document, monument
emancipate, emancipation
emerge, emergency
emerge, degree
employ, employment
employ, employer
employ, employee
end, end
end, gender
endpoint, end
endpoint, viewpoint
enslave, enslavement
enslave, slavery
enslave, slave
enslave, enslaver
exist, exhibit
explore, employer
explore, employee
export, report
export, sport
facilitate, faculty
facilitate, fact
find, friendship
find, field
find, fund
focus, focus
free, freedom
free, feel
free, force
free, fire
free, tree
free, frequency
get, greeting
give, guide
give, grave
graph, biography
graph, grandchild
graph, grave
graph, biographer
grow, ground
grow, group
grow, groom
happen, shape
have, cave
help, help
hope, home
hope, house
hope, shop
hope, horse
impact, impact
include, influence
indicate, instance
indicate, individual
indicate, candidate
indicate, invoice
indicate, inmate
infer, influence
infer, interest
infer, integer
infer, dinner
involve, invoice
know, think
know, knowledge
label, laborer
land, island
land, plan
lead, head
lead, read
like, life
like, line
list, list
list, legislature
list, light
live, life
live, line
live, level
look, book
make, market
make, marker
marry, marriage
marry, majority
marry, marker
marry, artery
name, manner
name, inmate
observe, objective
observe, service
observe, overview
occur, occupation
occur, occupant
own, ownership
own, owner
own, town
pre, process
pre, parent
pre, parcel
pre, project
pre, princess
pre, protection
pre, property
pre, prayer
pre, priest
pre, premise
pre, president
pre, preacher
pre, preface
pre, professor
prevent, parent
prevent, event
prevent, president
produce, process
produce, product
produce, producer
produce, project
produce, price
produce, provider
provide, provider
provide, promise
provide, price
provide, period
provide, president
provide, producer
publish, publication
publish, publisher
publish, public
purchase, purchase
purchase, purpose
query, queen
read, read
read, reader
read, reason
read, area
read, head
read, road
read, reward
read, raid
rebel, rebel
rebel, rebellion
record, record
record, report
record, receiver
record, reward
record, director
record, reproduction
register, region
register, rest
register, retiree
register, regiment
relate, relationship
relate, result
relate, reader
relate, release
relate, realestate
represent, representation
represent, respect
represent, recipient
represent, report
represent, request
represent, release
represent, retiree
research, research
research, researcher
research, resource
research, respect
research, reader
research, residence
research, preacher
resemble, result
resemble, residence
resemble, rebel
resemble, researcher
resource, resource
resource, source
resource, research
resource, result
resource, response
resource, researcher
resource, resolution
retrieve, return
retrieve, receiver
retrieve, retiree
run, ground
say, think
see, set
see, street
see, sea
see, speech
see, seller
see, seq
select, seller
select, election
sell, seller
sell, skill
send, end
send, scene
serve, service
serve, servant
show, shop
specialize, specialty
specialize, specialization
specialize, speaker
sponsor, spouse
start, target
start, state
start, status
start, street
start, strength
start, statement
start, station
start, estate
start, star
start, statue
start, stalactite
strengthen, strength
strengthen, string
strengthen, street
target, target
target, agent
target, argument
test, rest
test, text
test, testimony
test, street
test, estate
trace, tree
trace, tale
trace, train
trace, trader
trace, race
trace, trade
trace, travel
trace, teacher
trace, article
transport, transport
transport, transportation
transport, train
transport, transaction
use, use
use, user
want, water
write, write
write, website
write, website
write, wife
write, witness
